Here's the first way we may use a javascript framework.
We have a typical web application of full stack application where we have some back end using ph p with
maybe some framework like Lehrer will always be dot net or node.
J.S. maybe we have a framework like Express.
Now we send the requester and typically we get by this page.
However in most applications we have a couple of routes registered on the server so that once we send
the requester for different requests so different you are it's basically like Slash block or slash about
us.
We get back different pages like that.
So we get back different HVM all pages and you end different HMO code.
Typically this is referred to as views.
So the backend ph piu or node or whatever renders back a view to us to the client.
So this view consists of HIV all javascript and CSSA typically And in a sense or it makes up the web
page.
We then see and we can work with where we can click a link to load a new page maybe.
Now in this approach we can of course use javascript to do something on these individual pages and we
can also use some frameworks there you could add a framework like view chess to enhance the individual
pages here.
And that is super important.
We would add the framework javascript import code to each of these pages of course because we need the
framework on each page.
At least on each page where we want to use it.
So back to the chase fit like sambal from the first application from the first module and the scores
there.
We obviously had only one page we were working with but you could think of that page that Jay as for
the editor we worked with that H.T. Melchior's S-M javascript section as one page of many pages in such
an approach in such a typical web app.
Now in this approach as mentioned we have different instances and could say apps built with you chest
for different pages and some pages might maybe not use our framework at all if they don't need it.
Why would they use it.
So we create an app with that framework for two different pages.
Deaders also referred to as a multi-page application because we get back multiple pages from the server
for different requests.
That is the first way of using such a framework.
And as you will learn from this course not every framework is suited for this approach.
Well if that's the case what's the alternative.
Dan.